There are a lot of amazing video
generators right now, and I wanted to
see the differences between some of the
more popular ones. So, I ran five
cinematic prompts through those four
generators, and I'm going to show you
the results of all four at once, and
then each shot on its own. I was going
to play some music, but VO3 has audio,
which helps it stand out, and I felt
like it would be an unfair advantage to
add audio to the other ones that don't
have it. All right, enough talking.
Let's see the results.
Get your fresh tomatoes here. Shoo.
Shoo. Pigeons.
All right. So, there you have it. Uh,
let me know what you think. And there's
links for movies and tutorials for all
of these in the description.